Welcome back.
Let's do a quick video on a race.
Remember what I said.
Arrays are objects in javascript because underneath the hood if we do let's say an array that contains
one two three in JavaScript it's almost the same as saying variable object or in this case array equals
index of 0 contains one index of one contains two and index of two contains three if I change these
two strings.
That would be the same thing as this.
And that is why when we do type of and check out an array I get an object.
Now how will we ever test to see if something we create is an array.
Let's say we create a variable somewhere and we want to find out what this variable is.
Does it contain an array an object.
How can we figure out if typeof array is the same thing as type of object well in the new version of
JavaScript.
We actually have something called array dot is array and this array as you can see is an object.
It's an array constructor which we're going to talk about a little bit later on in the course.
And we use the dot notation to access a new property or method on it is great.
And then here we can give it something to see if something is in right.
If I give it an array it's going to run true.
If I give it let's say an object is going to give me false and that's how we check for a raise in JavaScript.
Otherwise it'll be really hard to determine if something is in array in Java.
Because once again arrays in JavaScript are objects I'll see in the next one by.